added alt text to the images (#19632)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/javascript/first_steps/what_is_javascript/index.md

<p>Player 1: Chris</p>
```

> ![Paragraph of Player 1: Chris](just-html.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Paragraph of Player 1: Chris as plain text](just-html.png)
```

They generally fall into two categories.

> ![A screenshot showing the two categories of API; 3rd party APIs and browser APIs](browser.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Two categories of API; 3rd party APIs are shown to the side of the browser and browser APIs are in the browser](browser.png)
```

Let's briefly recap the story of what happens when you load a web page in a browser (first talked about in our [How CSS works](/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/First_steps/How_CSS_works#how_does_css_actually_work) article). When you load a web page in your browser, you are running your code (the HTML, CSS, and JavaScript) inside an execution environment (the browser tab). This is like a factory that takes in raw materials (the code) and outputs a product (the web page).

> ![An image showing how the code comes togther and shows on the browser tab when the page is loaded](execution.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![HTML, CSS and JavaScript code come together to create the content in the browser tab when the page is loaded](execution.png)
```

Here is a visual representation of the different script loading methods and what that means for your page:

> ![An image showing how the three script loading method works](async-defer.jpg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![How the three script loading method work: default has parsing blocked while JavaScript is fetched and executed. With async, the parsing pauses for execution only. With defer, parsing isn't paused, but execution on happens after everything is else is parsed.](async-defer.jpg)
```
